README.md, before:

 ## License
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-IPL%201.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/IPL-1.0)

  ## Title
  template-engine

  ## Description
  This is a node application designed to produce a dynamic HTML page, based on user input. This application is meant to help a working environment by organizing their team's roster. Depending on which role the team member plays, various information about the team member is displayed.

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Installation](#install)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Contributors](#contributors)
  * [Test](#test)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Author](#author)
  
  ## Installation
  In order to use this application, you will need to either clone this repository or copy its code. Once it is on your machine, install the required dependencies using the command 'npm install'. You can then run this application from your terminal using the 'node app.js' command.

  ## Usage
  This application generates an HTML page based on the user's input. Simply answer a series of questions and the app will do all of the work.

  ## Contributors
  Sydney Goodwill

  ## Test
  Four separate test files were run, using the command 'npm run test'. These tests ensured the functionality of their respective .js files. All tests were successful.

  ## Questions
  If there are any further questions you can reach me at sydneyjogoodwill@gmail.com

  ## Author
  Sydney Goodwill

Commit message:

added video asset and updated README

README.md, after:

 ## License
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-IPL%201.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/IPL-1.0)

  ## Title
  template-engine

  ## Description
  This is a node application designed to produce a dynamic HTML page, based on user input. This application is meant to help a working environment by organizing their team's roster. Depending on which role the team member plays, various information about the team member is displayed.

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Installation](#install)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Contributors](#contributors)
  * [Test](#test)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Author](#author)
  
  ## Installation
  In order to use this application, you will need to either clone this repository or copy its code. Once it is on your machine, install the required dependencies using the command 'npm install'. You can then run this application from your terminal using the 'node app.js' command.

  ## Usage
  This application generates an HTML page based on the user's input. Simply answer a series of questions and the app will do all of the work.
  Here you can watch a video of the functionality of the app:

  ![Template Engine Demo](assets/templatevideo.mp4)

  ## Contributors
  Sydney Goodwill

  ## Test
  Four separate test files were run, using the command 'npm run test'. These tests ensured the functionality of their respective .js files. All tests were successful.

  ## Questions
  If there are any further questions you can reach me at sydneyjogoodwill@gmail.com

  ## Author
  Sydney Goodwill
